square
jalapa see
his frankness has given us many songs
some choose the next exercise
efe a feature that perhaps completes with the present
the royalty
this quality allowed him to keep valid a cult screw on Wednesday
to be written two decades ago
today in the past
the cockpit and alan arkin liberal occasions still does not get every week
are not dyed is heard throughout the site but his presence
fifteen of the twenty kilos that will go to look for the same thing that he achieved several
years
while they secure the pin
the imposing figure a horse that is bottom to the different specimens
thailand to the three classics on the podium with chile
but if they arrived
and its support changing as the child who catches the attention of so noble
tortillería why not
We did noble because it just still continues to mark the textile walk
blood that would open the classic of every day the palm however they are
credits is not only the cnmv
real pleasure in the 80s and early 90s
for those who remember the powerful scintillator that I out there of san
francisco that make them fiery and they cut him off he went the emotion settle
in soil catracho son and yanquis assists people and numerals joys
but also because it is a privilege the fact of Lleida until the
today somehow the cinema
image of the important presidency
in its early years
but what I say does not usually give me
the losing exit
i
with me
they have honored me
of the 15 that reside or
greetings reported this has been
first place on a horse
serbia pest
sorolla
everything very healthy
per cent the dead activity suddenly by bad footprint
but that today in general very healthy
a very miniature train stallion horse ate very well
percent
when I owed it
workers did the jobs mark me
when do not
horse without problems an alarming problem
it was easy enough but do it
However the campaign is for euros, I did not have the tournament pen and that's what
explains the opposite because he still had a lot to deliver that despite
that his advanced age would also add the triumphs of here that
cantillo continues to provide a show that is nine years old
They are true and have been delivered
so much of the chili racecourse as in the public portos colleague had made the
very meritorious campaign
and he does and he is going to rest and he was going to the paddocks because
the years weigh and
and the foals do not advance
so it was difficult his
his future however he had a tremendous heart
and dance hundred the best is we do not repair with much love
with enough effort and responded to each presentation
and obese that is still missing street of good level to accompany them Catalan state
Big event
in asia the idea and the hippodrome sector chile
and that's detailed by francisco gárate in a very nice ceremony that in the
hippodrome chile
to deliver and everything mou
his best horse his gift so that the future generation will accompany him in
the days of the classic
and I remember very well how and who rode it before the banks turned around
olympic
the political scientist
Pablo gave a lot
and that document got very excited in pachá gárate
and the morose serrano president of the time
if in 15 days we do not see it the troy never went down mori be even the big one
percent but to get that horse or hat he did it by the list
what was his name
pancho gárate
so it was a memorable afternoon
this twelve years have passed so quickly
20/20 a year cavallotti chair and current with his coat so beautiful
and with his desire to run because the greco network unit
Within your campaign you will find readers in all its pillars among which
they have different classics such as the 2000 meters of the rock liberator alsa
Bernardo O'Higgins International in 1989
he also achieved victory in 1999, the last national classic sedena
reiterated
and the 2200 meters of the prize pedro of the river tamazula
will be some of the numerous triumphs before that that still remain in the
memory of many
c's
competition but day to day however and careers that on the one hand
but he also points out the current board and articulate efforts and also because
mouth is not very motivated so both those feelings criticizes their
joy
and the pride that made its people feel responsible for saying that there is
run the Chinese government wait
assured that the factory badly equals a great gentleman to board
to close
that way when I'm going to achieve it
It is clear that offer
so the one who vote an extraordinary class
which I remember most fondly and why it was when
is the one who achieved the most cedeño I've ever been
bad bad of fear French bean has beaten in the council that moment
colors but acquired the best
but in the network
my desire to achieve the title
But that is not all
if that is what the least resources of the area agree and many years
that did not take the same as the valley
Your horse has
sedano all on the track and
all this to what brother who also won the same number of ravel
kinsella from many classes to more people
and that also supposes to hear
eneko and then santiago s gallera partnership with the owner
with all these
and we give it away
has banned just as he did with the criminal
I do not know what is written
I feel his presence is distinguished from major events since the 80s and even with
yes he did
paradoxically if I knew that single brothers and we took steps but it's my
type of santiago
however, he can not show his face since Kameni he converted now
approximately 600 kilos of lamb and continued to set the course of others
announce to the beat that camilo díaz we are ad portas
the classic of the day
torrico
we cry
obama won the heads-up
hand by hand
let's go armed
one hand in hand by hand by hand
prevention